[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now that we have a new
in-page experience created,
it's time to customize
the experience.
We're going to start by adding
components to the experience.
To edit an experience, click the
title on the Experiences page.
Notice the three tabs at
the top of the experience.
These tabs are used to
view the layout states.
There are three layout states--
Before Play, Playing,
and After Play.
The Before Play status
how the experience
will appear when first rendered,
before any video playback
has started.
The Playing state is how
the experience will appear
when a video is being played.
Finally, the After Play state
is how the experience will
appear after a video plays.
Each one of these states
can be customized.
To do that, click on one
of the tabs and then just
start customizing.
OK, let's talk about adding
components to an experience.
Components can be added
where you see orange plus
signs on the experience.
Advertisements, custom,
images, text, and Twitter feeds
can be added.
I think most of these
are self-explanatory
except for custom.
Custom components are used when
you want to add your own custom
HTML to the experience.
To add an image
to an experience,
click the plus sign where
you want to add an image
and click Image on
the component picker.
Next, configure the
properties for the image.
Notice that you can
also select the layout
states where the
image should appear.
It's the same process
to add a text component.
Click the plus sign where
you want to add text
and click Text on
the component picker.
Next, use the rich text editor
to enter and format the text.
It's pretty easy to edit
or delete a component.
Just hover over the component
and click the Edit or trashcan
icon.
You can also rearrange
the order of components
or move a component
to a new location
by dragging and dropping the
component in the new location.
The last thing I want to point
out, under the Layout menu,
there are a bunch
of other options
that can be used to
customize the layout.
There are a lot of
options for controlling
the overall presentation and
how the video info, thumbnails,
and sharing icons will appear.
We'll see this in a minute
when we get to the hands-on.
OK, let's go ahead and add some
components to our experience.
To edit an experience,
you can click on the title
or select it and then
click the Edit button.
Notice across the top, we have
those layout state tabs that we
talked about a minute ago.
Remember, it is possible
to go in and customize
each one of these states.
I want to make sure that I'm
on the Before Play state.
Let's start by adding an image
to the top of the experience.
I'll click on the plus icon and
then click the Image component.
Most of these properties
are pretty straightforward.
I'm going to click on the Browse
link and then browse my machine
and select an image to use.
I also want the image to
display during all three states.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Notice the image appears
on the experience.
Let's add some text to
the top of the experience.
I'll click on the plus
and then click Text.
I'll enter some text here.
You can also use the rich text
editor to change the fonts
and formatting if you want to.
I only want the text to appear
in the Before Play state, which
is the default. When I'm
done, I'll click Save.
Notice the text appears
on the experience.
Let's look at the other states.
Notice the image
appears in the Playing
and After Play states
but the text does not,
which is how we configured it.
I'll go back to the
Before Play state.
Now what if we want to
edit or delete anything?
To edit or delete a component,
just hover over the component
and click Edit or Delete.
You can also edit components
by double-clicking on them.
You can also rearrange
or reorder components.
For example, I can
click on the text
and drag it to the right
side of the experience
and then move it back.
I could even reorder
the components.
OK, I think I have
the experience the way
I want it for now.
The last thing I want to
look at are these options
under the Layout menu.
These options really
give us other ways
to customize the layout
of the experience.
If I click on
Presentation, it looks
like I can change how
the playlist appears.
Keep in mind that
all of these options
will change based upon the
template that is selected.
Video Info will let me
change where the video title
and description appear.
Thumbnails will let
me customize how
the thumbnails are displayed.
Finally, Sharing allows
you to select where
the sharing icons will appear.
OK, this looks good so far.
In the next video, we'll
see how to add video content
to the experience.